[Music]
Hello my dearest lovers of the
heart, I hope you're enjoying
Tuesday and had a good
day.
Today Omar Sanchez woke up
quite melancholic and he let us see
on his edited bridge how he feels
after the breakup with which his
wife Anabel Pantoja is still with him. Last night on live
we were commenting a little on this
breakup and the thing is that there are things that are
still out of our control.
First, we had Kiko Matamoros over the weekend
accusing Anabel Pantoja of what
could be an infidelity but it seems
that they give him a hint or
ask him please don't tell this I don't know it's
very strange everything on Sálvame covers it up and in the
end she doesn't say anything and Anabel well
is telling us that nothing happened,
simply that nothing, that love is
gone and that personal things happened to her
after the wedding that
left a mark on her and that she can't continue
with the relationship
and the one who would be having a very bad time
would be him.
Well, as I was saying, Omar uploaded
some stories today at exactly five
and half in the morning with a song
and with its lyrics by Manuel Carrasco that would
say the following how hard it is to
live sometimes but it is preferable to feel even if it
hurts the truth being oneself
anywhere we can
interpret this in many ways no how hard it is
sometimes to live is hard is hard life
things as they are are not a lie but it is
preferable to feel okay us if it is that
maybe it refers to someone who
feels us even if it is a little stone
even if it hurts the truth being
oneself anywhere here he would be
referring to us perhaps that
he has always been real and that there is
someone who has not been good here what is
clear to us is that everything has
depended on her not that she will be the one who has been
able to make the decision that what is
done is
given by her more than by him no because
in addition on several occasions they have repeated
that he is the one who is having the worst time I have
asked him that when he wants and
decides that I would like to have a drink with
him to continue sharing moments together
since we have many friends in common he
has told me that he needs his time and to
digest all of this Anabel said that she
wants to continue being friends with him not
after  After so many things, let's see,
well, it depends, no, for a first one,
obviously it's very recent and it's that they got
married, that they're married for two
days, this channel, I think, is
like five or six months old and the
first news and things that we were
talking about was the wedding of these
valuable people, they are newly married and also
the marriage is not broken this
week, when it is being announced
now it has been made public because of things
in private life, because they will have happened
before, I can't imagine what
week, what do you think, families, on the
part of those who are in this breakup
or on the part of no one else, for nothing bad,
not that it's like a war, no, but
here you support to reap the living
in the comment box with a
huge hug
[Music]